one of the most advanced bmp in the world on
today is
German again helped on the ice we
compare
the mound itself having a smaller mass of kurganets
has better paper mobility
for 40 tons our limits are 25
like all classic domestic bmp
the mound I kept the opportunity
overcome water obstacles afloat
remind not here here to take the complex
protection yes he basically doesn't remember bypassed
for some reason, the knife, we were able to protect rpb
bomb way they claim that with a kit
extra protection it protects well
this is far from having
dynamic protection
one phrase even with a mass of 40 tons well
impossible to protect against rpg-7 which
change 70 sleepy world then you pick
fashion to even the fire
modules and both
and here again the benefits with
manganese
because if so take guns
automatically which are used there and
there and there 30 millimeter
automatic gun on the Kurgans still
there is an excellent managed complex
armament
and a 4 launchers
upgraded guided missiles
Cornet is very strong
impenetrability is about 1200
millimeters for dynamic protection
emphasize this practically
today tank with such
protection in the West simply does not exist in
Germans they do not have in the complex
guided weapons as an option they
offer there puts milan
it is in general at the level of our weather
forty years old there right away yes by
cannon principle there that their edge is not
beret
Kurgan armor that our 30 will not take
Puma is understandable, that is, if two
tap it right machines one another not
will cause harm
2 another cannon too, but she still has four
the rockets are gone by these rockets it will spread
yomu
just kosovo if you take
let's say the development of bmp is the problem
can definitely be called because
went a significant breakthrough and in
security and in firepower
our designers have been delivered
task and given the opportunity
and they coped with their task and
created today
the best infantry fighting vehicle from me